README.md, before:

# Bootstrap Responsive Gaming Website

This repository is for practicing Bootstrap for a gaming website.

## Attention

Ensure you enter the last four digits of your student number at the end of the forked repo name.

## Description

This is the third practice session focusing on bootstrap components into the gaming website project.

## Instructions

Please follow these instructions carefully:

1. Fork this repository.
2. Clone the forked repository to your local machine.
3. Design the website based on the [Figma design](https://www.figma.com/file/auNugnfKF5eREyI5PqGurR/gaming-website?type=design&node-id=0%3A1&mode=design&t=wodZzQgJISCRspQE-1), focusing only on phase 1.

4. Ensure the directory structure as follows:

- assets
  - -- fonts
  - --images
- styles
  - --bootstrap(if you are using offline version)
- scripts
- index.html
- games.html

5. Try to Use minimum pure styles and use bootstrap instead
6. Pay attention to commented messages in the Figma design.
7. Make the palette for default variables using `:root` in CSS.
8. Copy your last projects into this directory.
9. If you have any problem in merging you can use `git push origin <your_branch_name> --force`
10. [Bootstrap Document](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.3/getting-started/introduction/)

# GOOD LUCK

Commit message:

Navbar and Header of website for lg screen have been made with bootstrap

README.md, after:

# CSS Gaming Website

Note:Please open the site in inspect mod (Laptop L-1440px) for correct site scales



This repository is for practicing CSS attributes for a gaming website.

## Attention

Ensure you enter the last four digits of your student number at the end of the forked repo name.

## Description

This is the second practice session focusing on incorporating CSS attributes into the gaming website project.

## Instructions

Please follow these instructions carefully:

1. Fork this repository.
2. Clone the forked repository to your local machine.
3. Design the website based on the [Figma design](https://www.figma.com/file/auNugnfKF5eREyI5PqGurR/gaming-website?type=design&node-id=0%3A1&mode=design&t=wodZzQgJISCRspQE-1), focusing only on phase 1.
4. Ensure the directory structure as follows:
   assets
   --fonts
   --images
   styles
   scripts
   index.html

5. Follow the HTML semantic you learned in the last project.
6. Pay attention to commented messages in the Figma design.
7. Make the palette for default variables using `:root` in CSS.
